Previously on
"Sons of Anarchy"...
Diosa Norte.
I got an endgame here,
mano.
Tell you straight up,
if we were to do a deal,
it would have to be
completely clear
of all your other traffic.
See, I can't get
pulled into the heat
- of all the things
you're moving away from.
- Understood.
You're exactly
what we want, Tara.
- I'm not sure what to say.
- Don't say anything.
Take a few days. I'm here
till the end of the week.
Jax is pushing to kill
the RICO leverage you got.
He's getting at Delaney.
What do you want?
I want protection.
If that push
comes to that shove,
we'd need you
more than Jax.
I know about the leverage.
The Feds had us on RICO.
They said
if I gave them intel,
they would only take the Sons
who were at the meet.
Do you want to earn
your way back in?
You're gonna find those
documents, Juice,
'cause that's gonna prove
that Clay is a traitor
and a murderer.
Put it around my neck.
Can I get a minute alone?
[beep]
Get me the hell out of here.
What are you doing?
[screaming]
Please, don't.
Sons live, Redwood bleeds.
No! No!
Hey, morning.
Morning.
What's all this?
That, uh, pediatrics
practice in Providence...
made me an offer yesterday.
Wow.
Are they okay with the hand?
Yeah. I'd finish rehab
up there.
They need
a neonatal specialist.
If...
we can get through
this Otto mess.
Which we will.
I know why you couldn't
walk away a few months ago.
The club's
been your whole life.
You couldn't let it die.
I think I fell
in love with you
even more because of that.
You're a beautiful,
loyal man, Jax.
But ending RICO
saves SAMCRO.
And whatever happens
with Clay,
you have put the MC
on the right track.
You've done everything
you wanted to do, baby.
It's your turn now.
We can move on.
[muffled baby talking]
And after yesterday, I--
I can't help but feel
like this is some kind
of last chance for us.
Well, we don't have to
make that decision now.
Yeah, we do.
They're gonna want an answer
by the end of the week.
[exhales]
Look, let's talk
to Lowen first.
Figure out this Otto mess.
Okay, baby.
Morning.
Paper's there.
Thanks.
I know this is just...
what it is.
Coffee?
I'm aware that we
don't just pick it up
where we left
off, but...
maybe this is
a chance for us, Gem,
to do it different--
no lies, no secrets.
Maybe.
I really should be going.
Can you, uh, put these
back in the garage for me?
Sure.
Goodwill shit?
No.
It's Luann's stuff.
I had to go through them
for Tara yesterday.
She wants to give
something to Otto.
Hey, does the club know she's
been volunteering at Stockton?
No.
Infirmary?
Yeah, I guess so.
She's been really
slippery about it all.
She don't tell me
shit anymore.
I'll ask around.
Thanks.
Bye.
It was chaos.
They took a statement
and told me
they'd be in touch.
They're gonna
figure it out.
We can maintain that
not updating your insurance
was an oversight,
but that request form
you forged to see Otto,
that could come back
to bite us.
Oh, come on. She was
concerned about a friend.
An eager prosecutor
could sell
that she conspired
to meet with him,
then brought the cross
with knowledge
of what he'd do.
Bobby:
Ah, shit.
I'll start digging in.
See how much heat
it has.
Uh, you clear
on your story?
My husband did time.
Medical care was awful.
I wanted
to make a difference.
[baby crying]
Excuse me.
Otto killing that nurse,
that will make RICO go away?
Yes. Felony charges
after the deal
would destroy
his reliability.
But this could unravel
for Tara, Jax.
She could do
serious time for this.
Then make sure
that doesn't happen!
I manipulate the law.
I don't write it.
I'll call you
when I know something.
Club's gonna find out
what Otto did.
We got to tell them
the truth, man.
The CIA knowledge still
puts us all at risk, Bobby.
We got to get clear
of the cartel first.
Then they can hear
all of it.
Otto's move kills
Romeo's leverage.
He ain't gonna take that
sitting down.
Then call Alvarez and Tyler.
Lock down the muling
and the distribution deal.
You call Lin.
Set up the meet.
If he can't deliver,
all of this goes south,
and we are stuck being
Romeo's coke whore!
All right?
Can you hear my voice,
Mr. Delaney?
What is this?
Wake up. Wake up.
Yeah, stay with me.
Oh, that's good, yeah.
I just need to finish up.
Who are you?
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Where's Rat taking Unser?
Chemo.
Time's up, Juice.
I need those documents today.
You turn his house
upside down.
You understand?
Yeah. Okay.
Chucky, close the door
on your way out.
You should accept that.
I am in motion
without commotion.
What?
The safe that the Nomads
stole when they broke in,
I just found out
that they gave Clay back
all the legal shit.
What was it?
Insurance stuff,
uh, marriage license,
death, birth certificates.
You need to get him
talking, Mom.
Find out what he did
with it, today.
We've run out of time.
Why? What happened?
It doesn't matter.
I need to know what I'm
walking into here, Jax.
You are hiding way too much
shit under the table.
I know Tara's up to something
at Stockton.
How do you know that?
I brought her
a cross yesterday.
From Luann.
Why is she working there?
The reason I didn't kill Clay
after you gave me the letters.
The Feds were holding
a RICO case over our heads.
Irish guns are the only thing
holding them at bay.
I needed Clay alive
to keep Gaalan invested.
Jesus Christ.
How did we make RICO?
Otto turned.
That's what Tara's
doing at Stockton.
Getting him
to change his mind.
Which he did.
He killed a nurse
with that cross yesterday.
Oh, shit.
RICO's dead, but now it
could all blow back on Tara.
Honey, I'm sorry.
Clay's gonna find out
that his leverage is gone.
I need that proof now.
Yeah.
Okay, babe.
[knock on door]
You ready?
We'll be at Diosa.
We got the opening today.
I spoke with Alvarez
and Tyler.
They're all in.
Percentages are set.
All right, good.
What about Lin?
Still no word.
Shit.
[knock on door]
Hey, man.
Thanks for coming by.
Everything okay?
You know, I wish
I could say yes.
You want anything?
Coffee, beer?
Ahh.
What's going on, man?
Sit down.
[sighs]
[bottle pops open]
You happy?
Really? Really?
I mean, I've got an Elks Lodge
full of opening-day pussy,
and you want to have
a quality-of-life chat?
I miss you, Tiggy.
You know, losing the gavel,
I thought the shit
I'd be jonesing for
would be the money,
the weight.
Don't tell me it's about
the brotherhood
and the camaraderie,
or I'm puke all
over your goddamn table.
I do miss having you
on my right.
You killed that, not me.
I know.
Just wanted you to know that
I appreciate all your loyalty,
all the shit you did for me.
I will never forget that.
Yeah?
I'm trying to forget it.
We done?
I may be forced to create
some new opportunities
outside of SAMCRO.
Now, if you ever
found yourself
at a crossroads
with the club--
you know,
maybe growing tired
of watching your president
sucking up to the guy
that burned your
daughter alive...
my door would be open.
What are you working, Clay?
Just trying to stay
alive, brother.
You know how that is.
Anyway, I appreciate
you listening.
I'll let you...
I'll let you get off
to your banger's delight.
[monitor beeping rhythmically]
[Chibs clicks tongue]
Wow, Jackie, this place
is bloody magical.
Maybe your best idea.
Ever.
Holy mother suck my tits.
Have at it, Shrek.
That's gonna be a lot
of flop sweat.
Hey.
Oh!
How you doing, darling?
Good.
- Where's Nero?
- He's out back.
Some of his old crew
showed up.
It got intense.
He wasn't happy.
Nero: Well, go ahead!
Go on, speak on it.
[men murmuring]
What's all this?
Breaking down
a little pleito here.
That's right.
Since our OG left Stockton,
we had a little problem
holding down our borders.
Street sees your
pussy leave,
they think the rest of the game
is up for grabs, homes.
I got shut down, fool!
Me setting up out here,
that still brings
the feria in your pocket.
We need more
than money, ese.
So what do you want?
Guns!
I told them that's
not what this is.
I don't give a shit
what this is.
We got Dante's crew
stepping on our book.
Triple Two shaking up
our protection.
We need AK's and Glocks
to hold down our streets.
Otherwise, we're gonna go
broke, maybe homeless.
Might have to move in here.
Yeah.
Me and my 37 kids, yo.
And you know how
expensive kids are, ese.
Even the ones
without crutches.
[all shouting]
[gunshot]
Enough! Hey!
Don't do it, man. Easy.
This is the way
we get the town
to embrace our
legitimate business?
Dude, you just
fired a gun.
Hey, shut up.
Sorry, man.
I didn't see that coming.
Why don't you just let me
sell them the hardware?
Just a one-time thing.
We ain't that crew, Jax.
We ain't never
been that crew.
We run ten square blocks
norte y sur.
This Renaldo, he's pushing
to blow up, make a name.
Vato's been seeing
too many movies, ¿que no?
Come on. Sounds like you're
the guy who kept them smart.
Man, I got some old KG-9s
at the warehouse.
Why don't you let me give them
those, a few Glocks.
Make their dicks feel bigger,
keep this
from happening again.
Yeah, okay.
Sale can't happen here.
Jax: Right.
Well,
there's an access road
above the river basin
near Diller Canyon.
Yeah, I know it.
Let's say an hour.
I'll bring eight pieces.
Street tag should
be five grand.
I'll give it to them
for four.
Come here, fool.
Come here!
What you got there,
Chucky?
Old files for Gemma.
She's looking for something
about the dead lad.
I'm not sure what.
She seems kind of sad.
Oh, thanks, Chucky.
Uh, put these
in the shed.
Indeed, indeed.
I do the deed.
He said, she said,
with buoyant speed.
Is it me,
or is he getting--
Yeah, the Dr. Seuss
thing is new.
But he's pretty much
certifiable.
What's going on here?
Oh, it's silly.
I realized that, uh,
my Thomas's birthday
is in two weeks.
And pretty much everything
I have on him--
death, birth certificates--
were in that safe.
Look, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
But then it-- it dawned on me
that I saw his birth
certificate in
with some of the TM shit,
and I-- I...
I thought I would just
take one more look,
maybe get lucky.
Hey, we can call
the county.
We can get copies.
It's not the same
as the original.
[cell phone ringing]
Yeah?
No, I know it.
All right.
We'll see you later.
Problem?
No.
I hope you find it.
Ah. Goddamn it.
Get rid of this shit.
Okeydok--
Rhyme and I kill you.
♪♪ [easy listening]
Hey, Doc.
Hey.
What are you doing
here?
Oh, I just ran
into Rat Boy.
I thought I'd come by
and check on you.
Oh.
You finished?
Yeah.
I appreciate the thought.
You mind if we
get out of here?
This Kenny G shit's gonna
give my cancer cancer.
Hmm?
I was-- I was just on my
way to feed the boys.
You want to join me?
Yeah.
That'd be nice.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
[grunting]
That would be good.
Whew. [chuckles]
You okay?
Yeah, just a little dizzy.
- Fine, thank you.
- Sure.
Here.
Oh. Thank you.
Oh.
How's the--
your hand healing?
Oh. Slowly.
It's gonna be
a little while.
Oh.
Don't give up on that.
Staying positive
is the best cure.
Really?
Shit. I hope not.
If it is, I'm screwed.
I have to-- I got to--
I got to park it
for a minute.
Oh, sure. Come on.
What's going on,
sweetheart?
I know my stage-four
charm is magnetic,
but...that ain't the reason
you come to see me.
No, it's not.
I think of you
as being this...
um, kind of watcher.
You know, the guy
that's seen it all,
beginning to end.
I guess I need a little
impartial perspective.
I love Jax.
My boys.
I love being his wife.
And I've embraced the club
and the guys,
and...
I'm okay with the life.
Seems like you left
yourself off that list.
I used to love...
being a surgeon.
[sighs]
Hey. [stammering]
Oh. Oh!
Oh.
[coughing]
Ah, shit.
Are you okay?
[clearing throat]
[laughing]
Yeah.
Hey, uh...
Let's go feed
the little people, huh?
Ah, come on.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, I mean, it's okay.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
No, I'm sorry.
Your president's
making moves.
Otto killed a nurse
last night.
And RICO is dead.
Shit!
You were right.
We need the guns
for bigger game
and the coke
to pay for it.
Killing RICO is Jax making
a move to end our deal.
Can't let that happen.
We're going to
take him out...
and anyone who stands
in the way.
We suggest
you make your move
back to the head
of the table
before your charter
evaporates.
You know, getting rid of RICO
ain't about guns or drugs.
It's about
getting rid of RICO.
Charter's gotten used
to all this cartel cash.
Jax knows that.
Let me speak to him.
See if I can
make him understand
the weight of all this.
Leave him be.
I'll give you two hours.
Oh, man.
This is definitely
not good.
That's ten too many wetbacks.
Stupid vato shitheads.
We should, uh,
probably go, yeah?
Where you going, ese?
We just want our guns!
[shouting]
- Here we go, boys.
- Hey!
Bitches!
Ah! Shit!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Woo-hoo! Yeah!
Anyone dead?
Negative.
Hap, you hit?
Ripped through.
I am rapturous.
[all whooping]
Clearly these assholes
ain't real happy
about you and Diosa
moving north.
Well, I ain't running
them anymore, man.
Oh, maybe they don't know
that you're retired, ese.
They're gonna know something
real soon, I tell you that.
One thing I don't want
is these half-bright cholos
starting a war
right outside Charming.
I hear you.
Finally got a hold
of Lin.
He'll meet us
at the Dynasty now.
Good.
Hey, I got to handle this.
It's not gonna take long.
I'll meet you back
at Diosa, all right?
We'll figure out what
to do about your crew.
Yeah.
Give me a minute?
- No.
- You really should.
It's important, son.
I heard about Otto.
From whom?
Our cartel-CIA friend.
I know about Romeo and RICO,
and I know that's
why you didn't kill me.
Yeah. My mistake.
Romeo knows you're
gonna break ties.
Galindo ain't gonna
let that happen.
They're gonna
get rid of you, son.
And Romeo's gonna make sure
that whoever replaces you
is gonna keep the guns
and the coke intact.
[sigh]
Let me guess.
Actually, I turned it down.
You know, you and me--
we sat in a tow truck
a few months back,
and, uh, you told me
how you wanted out.
You wanted something
better for your boys.
That we were gonna make
some bank and move on.
That changed
when you murdered Piney
and tried to kill my wife.
This isn't about me
and my mistakes.
It's about you...
and the one that you're
about to make.
This CIA-cartel thing
has a shelf life.
And by the time they split,
all the legit shit that
you've been putting in place
will be in full swing.
But for now, you got
to keep Romeo in place.
Make your bank, son.
Stop calling me son!
I'm sorry.
You got to let this
cartel thing play out.
And then you can
take the money
and Tara and the boys
and get out of Charming.
If you don't, you're
gonna lose everything.
[knock on door]
We should be heading out.
I appreciate you
looking out for me.
But I got a different plan.
I'm tired of being crushed
under the weight of greedy men
who believe in nothing.
I have to change that.
[door closes]
[cell phone ringing]
Better be some good news.
Things with me and the
boy are, uh, complicated.
I'm gonna-- I'm gonna
need a little more time.
How much more?
I don't know.
Give me another day.
I'll convince him.
All right, let me know.
I will. Thanks.
He couldn't do it.
Make the call.
[dialing]
What did Clay want?
He knows everything.
So does Romeo.
You're shitting me.
We need to get to Lin
and close this shit down.
[engine starts]
- Sit over there.
- Yeah, yeah.
He okay?
Chemo.
Oh, damn.
[car alarm chirps]
You okay?
I ain't seen you around
in a couple days.
Figured I'd stay
out of your hair.
How's the opening going?
Other than this
bullshit with my crew,
it's okay, I think.
You coming around tonight?
Let me, um, let me see
how the wounded are doing.
Okay.
Something I should know
here or what?
No.
I'm fine.
Okay.
Thanks.
Margaret said you were
looking for me.
Yes. Please, come in.
Did you have a chance
to discuss the offer
with your husband?
I did.
Um...
this is very difficult
for him.
He was born
and raised here.
He's very invested
in Charming.
Of course.
What does your husband do?
Small business owner.
Automotive repairs.
Few other ventures.
We'd do everything we could
to help him get
set up in Providence.
I appreciate that.
I'm sensing this may not
be a good fit for you.
No, no.
It's a perfect fit.
I just-- I just want
to keep it under wraps.
Let Jax sit with it
for a minute.
I want to move forward
with the offer.
Oh. That makes me
very happy, Tara.
My partners
will be thrilled.
Oh, good.
Of course we'll keep it
off the radar
- until you say otherwise.
- Thank you.
I'll talk to Margaret
and start the paperwork.
Okay.
That sounds great.
[door buzzes]
Can you hear my voice,
Mr. Delaney?
Oh, man, you should've
just kept going.
I know you want to die.
And you will.
But before that happens,
there are a few things
we need to do.
RICO's dead, bitch.
I ain't giving you shit,
whoever you are.
This isn't about RICO.
And I'm not a Fed.
I'm just a citizen.
What do you want?
I do want something.
When a man is forced
to put away what he does,
sometimes he forgets
who he is.
Thank you for giving me
something to want, Otto.
These next few months will be
the most excruciatingly
painful time
of your sick
and miserable life.
[door buzzes]
[panting]
Goddamn it.
When did all this
take shape?
The last few months.
The Irish
hate the Mexicans.
It's way too tense.
We want out.
We just can't leave
Galindo high and dry.
So we need somebody
to replace the IRA hardware.
Those are some
serious weapons.
It's not like bringing in
a few cases of AK's.
Henry, we're handing you
the winning ticket
in the Mexican gun lottery.
Can you do it, or should we
go someplace else?
I can dip into Gaza,
probably get my hands
on something comparable--
German snipers,
Kassam Rockets,
some antitank shit.
How often?
What are we talking?
Every two weeks.
From now until... whenever.
It won't come
cheap, man.
Hamas'll rape me
on this shit.
Money's
not a problem.
In fact, you're gonna
tack on ten percent,
our referral fee.
Can you make it work?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm in.
[phone ringing]
Good. Excuse me.
[ring]
What?
Found them.
- Where?
- In the air vent.
All right, put 'em back
where they were.
Then go to TM,
get Tig and Chibs
to bring Clay to his house.
Me and Bobby will
meet you there.
Clay does not get left
alone in that house,
you understand?
Yeah.
All right.
Hey, thanks, Henry.
Do you think you can get
a few of the big guns fast?
Show the buyer?
I should be able to.
All right, good.
We'll be in touch.
We gotta go.
Good to see you again.
Bobby.
[tires screeching]
[shouting in Spanish]
Jax: What the hell?
Hey! What the hell! Bobby!
- What the hell!
- Oh!
- Dentro!
- Hey!
Shit!
- [speaking Spanish]
- You are dead!
Jax!
Shit!
[muttering]
Did Jax say why he
wanted to meet here?
No. Just said
it was important.
You got any idea
what this is about?
No.
[cell phone buzzes]
Bobby.
Aye.
The Mexicans
grabbed Jax.
Jumped us
outside of Lodi.
Mother of Christ.
Byz-lats?
Not sure.
Called Nero.
He's gonna
dig into his crew.
Prospects are picking me up.
Need everybody
at the clubhouse.
Okay, I'm on my way.
Mexicans jumped
Jax and Bobby.
- What?
- They got Jax.
Clubhouse now.
Let's go!
Shit.
Oh. I'll meet you there.
I forgot to take my meds.
[lock clicks]
That little bitch
makes royalties
from playing the brontosaurus.
Guns!
Guns! Now!
Hands, homie!
You know where to put 'em.
Are you out of your
mind, ese?
This is some
wack-ass shit!
- Yeah? Where is he?
- Who, man?
Who the hell you looking for?
You took Jax Teller?
Why the hell would we
do that, ese?
'Cause you want guns,
right?
Ain't nobody here, fool.
Man, you been eating
too much old white pussy.
You forget who you are,
bitch?
You think so?
I'm gonna shoot you
in the head in five seconds.
Let's see if that
jars my memory.
One, two, three...
Shit!
You pochos wanted
me back, huh?
Orale.
I'm back.
[lock opens]
You know,
if you wanted to meet,
a phone call would've
done the trick.
We need to remind you
of how easy it is
to disappear.
And yet, here I am.
Oh... I see the cartel
thug in you
wants to chop my head off.
But the Fed side struggles
with the felony whacking.
Actually, both sides
are okay with whacking.
One just has paperwork.
We saw what you did
with Delaney.
We know you want
to kill the gun deal.
You don't know shit.
You think I'm just gonna
cut ties with the cartel
without setting you up
with something else?
I'm an outlaw, cabrón,
not a suicide bomber.
Setting us up how?
Mayans will mule from AZ,
distribute in Northern Cali.
Niners will still push
Pope's weight into Reno.
Who gets us
the Irish guns?
Gaalan hates wetbacks.
His words, not mine.
It's only a matter of time
before he pulls the plug.
I set you up
with the Chinese,
a guy called Henry Lin.
He can get comparable
weapons from Gaza--
German snipers, Kassams,
antitank missiles.
All the good shit.
He can meet the demand?
It ain't gonna be cheap,
but he can do it.
Set the meet.
That's
a lot of moving parts.
They better all work.
Cut him loose.
They held it
over our heads.
If me and Bobby told anyone
about the CIA hookup,
they'd crush us with RICO,
every charter.
The Sons of Anarchy
would have been dead.
So I put all my energy
into finding a way out.
Otto killing that nurse
was his way of reversing
his statement.
Wiped out RICO, but pushed
the game forward.
Romeo panicked.
That's why he picked me up
cartel-style,
trying to convince me not
to walk away from the deal.
Were you convinced?
No. He was.
You see, that's what I've
been working on--
getting the Mayans
to take over the coke mule
and Lin to cover big guns.
Romeo signed off.
This means we can walk away
from drugs and the cartel.
You set that up
on your own?
Me and Bobby.
It's not the way I wanted it.
Look, we're not
gonna do anything
unless the club
is behind it.
The deal with Galindo was
always a means to an end.
We knew that.
But stepping away
is gonna mean a pay cut.
We're gonna feel
that sting initially,
but once Diosa takes hold,
we're gonna be solid.
I'm working on
a few other things, too.
Let's vote it.
Okay.
We hand off the drugs
to the Mexicans
and the guns
to the Chinese.
Yea.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
Yea.
Yes.
Good.
Well done.
Not yet.
I'm so glad
you're okay, baby.
I'm fine, Mom.
Take Clay to your house
and keep him there
till we call.
Yeah, right?
- All right.
- Okay.
You, uh,
you did it, brother.
Aye.
That was a beautiful
thing, Jackie.
Yeah.
You three, with me.
Where to?
Show-and-tell.
You, uh,
you need me there?
Not yet.
You still love me,
Tiggy?
I love you, boss.
[baby squealing]
Can I ask you
about Nero?
I have a needle
in my hand.
Oh, well, I'm aware.
I saw him-- [groan]--
saying good-bye
to you today.
It was never anything real.
Still isn't.
And no more questions.
[phone rings]
[beep]
Juice.
It's the fourth time
he's called.
It's never too late
to adopt.
I love you.
I love you, too.
[knocking on door]
Back door?
Yeah, Juice was probably
parked out front.
I'll handle it.
[knocking]
Sorry.
I'm looking for Gemma.
Yeah, she's changing.
Yeah, okay.
I just wanted to know if, um,
she heard anything about Jax.
He's fine.
What?
Yeah, it was
a misunderstanding.
It wasn't your crew.
I think Bobby
tried calling you.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
What are you doing here?
[sigh]
I was just, uh...
worried.
She's fine.
Just give us a minute.
It's okay. It's okay.
I'll be right there.
Oh, God.
What happened to you?
Ghosts, baby.
Ghosts.
Some very familiar ones.
I don't know what's going on,
but now is not the time.
Yeah, yeah, I get it.
I guess we, uh, we can't
stop the inevitable, right?
Clay's back here?
So what?
What are you two,
like married again or what?
No.
No?
Hey, look, come here.
I can't explain all this.
Not yet.
But please don't go away.
Please.
I love you.
It's okay.
They were here, Jax.
I swear.
Birth certificates,
deeds,
all kinds of shit.
What kind of shit?
The Nomads gave Clay
back all the legal shit
from the safe they jacked.
Where did they go?
Was he back in the house?
Yeah. You told us
to meet you here.
You left him alone
when I didn't show.
Yeah.
Get up.
[groans]
Go home, Juice.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
You enlisted him
in your war on Clay.
That's why you didn't want to
bring the rat to the table.
Jax, you got no real proof
of Clay's ties
to the Nomad attacks.
Just the word of a dead
traitor and a Fed snitch.
You got to let it go,
Jax.
Look what you did
for the club today.
It's epic shit, brother.
Epic.
Don't let your hate
kill that.
There's a few other
things I can't prove.
My father wrote letters
to Maureen Ashby,
telling her that he feared
Clay would kill him
for trying to get
the club out of guns.
He even told her
he'd sabotage his bike.
Clay killed my old man.
Maureen put
the letters in my bag
when we left Belfast.
Tara found them,
gave them to Piney.
Clay found out.
That's why he killed Piney.
That's why he tried
to kill Tara.
Clay was the one that
ordered the attack on her.
He's responsible for what
happened to her hand.
He's responsible
for everything.
[knocking]
I need a minute.
I'd keep that piece handy.
You here to kill me, VP?
No.
I'm here to keep you alive.
Sit down.
♪ Heaven only knows ♪